Notes about distributing the HSPF PWATER module.

In order to make the overland flow in the model fully distributed, the
surface detention storage (SURS) must be updated every HSPF internal time step
according to a surface distributed runoff model (e.g., a kinematic wave). The function to do so
will not update SURLI (external lateral surface inflow), as this is
allocated for additional external input. Instead, SURS must be updated
without any external inflow (or with SURI?), and just the surface outflow from the
catchment outlet must be considered for the total output, as surface
outflow (SURO). This approach does does not consider an explicit
channel routing.

Thus the distributed interception overflow (CEPO) from interception
storage (CEPS) is added to the optionally supplied time series of
surface external lateral inflow (SURLI) to produce the total distributed
surface inflow (SURI) that goes into the surface detention storage
(SURS).

Inflow (SURI) into the surface detention storage is added to the
existing storage (SURS) to make up the water available for
infiltration and runoff, that is the moisture available to the land
surface (MSUPY).

The water holding capacity of the two soil storages, upper zone and
lower zone, in module section PERLND is defined in terms of nominal
capacities. Nominal, rather than absolute capacities, serve the
purpose of smoothing any abrupt change that would occur if an absolute
capacity is reached. Such capacities permit a smooth transition in
hydrologic performance as the water content fluctuates.

Regarding assimilation of SSM, the subroutine 'uzinf2' partitions
the transfer of soil moisture along the profile. The key
parameters for infiltration to evaluate are 'infilt', 'infexp', and
'uzsn'.

time management in HspfPwater:

INPUT    inct    : input and oputer time step (e.g. hourly)
INPUT    deltat  : computing inner  time step
INPUT    nsteps  : number of computing outer time steps
CALC     stepdiv = inct/deltat 
CALC     innsteps: number of inner time steps
CALC     delta60 = deltat / 3600.00, internal time step in hours

e.g. input is hourly, (inct=3600), and computing is done in 15' loops
(deltat=900). Then if nsteps=10 (i.e. 10 hours of total simulation),
stepdiv=4.0, and innsteps=nsteps*4 = 40 (10 hours of total
simulation).
A call to an external module modifying a state variable (e.g. a
distributed overland routing, which would modify SURS), would be
called every internal timestep

